**Organization and Time Management**
This unit has helped me with building my application because it has given me the skills to start, plan ahead, and manage my time to build out and complete my application. I have used the time management skills to make sure that I have enough time and dedication to complete each section to the best of my ability and  to go above and beyond.
**Values, Data Types, and Operations**
This unit has helped me with building my application because I was able to learn the basics of what a value is, which value to use when coding, how to store variables, and the meaning of each data type/operations and their uses. I have applied this knowledge to my project when determining how to declare my variables, and when running into errors - what they mean and how to best solve them. It also helps when trying to utilize conversions and adding code to allow for user input to be placed as the valuable if a variable. 
**The Growth Mindset**
This unit has helped me with building my application because I’ve learned more about how my mindset affects my work and how confident I am in my abilities. While working on building my application, I made sure to place myself in a mindset that was encouraging to myself, even reaching out to family and friends to test the application. I learned to utilize feedback to make my project better, taking any failures as chances to learn more, and all the challenges I faced as going above and beyond!
**Stringing Characters Together**
This unit has helped me with building my application because it allowed me to make code more accessible for users (using \n and \t for better readability), using template literals to call variables, the ability to transform and create flexibility with strings, and adding cute emojis to my code to make it more relatable. This allows me to build and maintain a relationship with the people experiencing my code and showcasing my personality through the code to the world. 
**Control Structures and Logic**
This unit has helped me with building my application because it has helped with working with loops and using booleans, strict equality/inequality, and control flows that help to create loops that follow and perform the intended logical sequence. It also helped with understanding the logic that goes behind it - such as booleans, using AND, OR, NOT; and helping me to use all correctly in my code. 
**Working with Loops**
This unit has helped me with building my application because I am able to understand loops, the concept of DRY and how to apply loops into my work. The loops that I use to build the application help with log-in identity (asking a user to enter their password), iterating through a loop that includes values from the user’s response, and creating conditionals so that the loops follow a specific logic. 
**Building Arrays**
This unit has helped me with building my application because it allowed me to understand how arrays function, creating multi-dimensional arrays. I made sure to include a loop in my application because I wanted to store a user’s input into an array which I could call user input values from at a later time, and have loops to make my code DRY. 
**Using Arrays**
This unit has helped me with understanding how to use the arrays that I have built as well as the syntax needed for them to work. Working with and using arrays has made storing user data so much easier and even adds the ability of being able to recall it when needed. I did that with my project when having users input book titles in order to recall them later. 
